Hello, everyone.
For this update, I'd like to talk about what you dear brothers and sisters have accomplished
during the past few months.
Jehovah must be very proud of you.
Your obedience, your zeal.
It's might of all the obstacles you haven't led up in your service.
On the contrary, we're receiving reports from one country after another, of peaks in
the number of publishers, placements, regular pioneers, Bible studies, and meeting attendants.
Well done, faithful servants of Jehovah.
Of course, all of us are anxious to get back in the door-to-door work and doing public
witnessing.
And if we're limited to doing letter writing and telephone witnessing, we might feel that
we aren't accomplishing much.
If that's the way you feel, remember what we're told at Revelation chapter 14 and verse
6.
I'd like you to follow along as I read this.
It says, and I saw another angel flying in mid-heaven.
And he had ever lasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth, to every nation,
and tribe, and tongue, and people.
So an angel or a group of angels are supervising the preaching work.
Now just think, because of our limitations, the angels may be busier than ever, making
sure that the kingdom message reaches the right people.
Otherwise, how would you explain the increases we're seeing?
You write a letter and send it out.
The recipient reads it?
But isn't interested.
What have you accomplished?
You have given a witness.
Maybe the most thorough witness that person has ever received.
Some people are never home when we call, or they never answer the door.
So they have no idea what we believe, until they receive that letter.
But suppose someone else in the household would be interested.
The angels might say to it that that person reads the letter.
You've given the angels something to work with, or you dial the wrong number that turns
out to be the right number.
Were the angels involved in any of the following experiences?
Could be the judge.
A sister in South America was doing telephone witnessing, but she wasn't getting much success,
but she didn't give up.
She called another number, and a man answered the phone.
The sister explained that she was calling to encourage her neighbors who were suffering
because of the pandemic, and she read Jeremiah 29-11, which says that Jehovah is offering
us a future and a hope.
Then the man said, this phone call was no coincidence.
It was from God.
They explained that the sister had called a radio station and that she was on the air.
A lot of people were listening to her at that very moment.
They had just been talking about the pandemic.
The sister quickly prayed for strength, and then shared a number of encouraging scriptures
with the radio audience.
She also told them about our website.
The host took note of the scriptures and enthusiastically encouraged his listeners to visit
the website.
What a witness!
Now ask yourself, would the sister have dialed that number if she had known she'd be talking
to a radio audience?
Another sister in the United States was ordering a dress over the phone, and she had prayed to
Jehovah for the courage to give a witness when the transaction was completed.
She followed through on her prayer.
First, she commanded the customer service agent for her kindness, and then asked if she
could read a scripture from the Bible.
The young lady agreed.
Turns out that she had studied the Bible years earlier, but she'd stopped because she
had a lot going on in her life.
A study was started in the Teach Us book, and the young lady attended the Zoom meeting
the very next Sunday.
What about this one?
A brother in Japan wrote to one hundred of his former schoolmates.
Now in their thirties many of them were facing problems in the workplace and had concerns
about how they'd raised their children properly.
When a talk about family life was given on the congregation, twenty-nine of his former
classmates attended.
Now he's studying with eighteen of them, a sister in Brazil called a woman on the phone.
She's out at the phone, rang just as the woman was about to take her life.
She had a lot of problems, but that call convinced her that God is interested in her.
She accepted a study and is making great progress.
Another sister living on an island under the France branch had an appointment with a doctor.
After talking about her own health problems for a while, she asked a doctor how he was doing.
She was surprised.
He said, his patients rarely showed personal interest in him.
This opened the way for the sister to give a witness.
Turns out that the doctor never answered the door when the witness was called.
At the end of the conversation, the doctor said that for the next appointment he'd scheduled
the sister at the end of the day so they could continue their discussion.
An eight-year-old sister lives at a rural area in France.
She called a woman living in an isolated village and talked about the model prayer.
That turned out to be just the right subject.
The woman said that she'd been raised by nuns, but has never understood the model prayer.
A Bible study is being conducted each week, and the woman is attending our Zoom meetings.
Now what does each of these experiences have in common?
One wrote a letter, dialed the phone, or spoke up.
The brothers and sisters did what they could and gave the angels something to work with.
So put the angels to work.
Take advantage of opportunities to witness to schoolmates, medical personnel,
delivery men, shopkeepers.
A simple way to start any conversation is to say,
I'd like to tell you about a website where millions have found encouraging information.
Speaking of our website, a real effort is being made to provide up-to-date information on GW.org.
Let's listen.
Has Brother Herman van Sound?
I hope her to the writing committee tells us about it.
Something remarkable happened in January of last year.
What was it?
The writing committee, together with the coordinator's committee,
decided that the home page of our website should feature articles
that are relevant to current events,
grab the viewer's attention, and provide the Bible's explanation and advice.
Now, how did that decision, made in January, prove to be timely?
Well, just a few months later, the pandemic began.
So the writing department immediately began to develop articles
that would address key questions or issues on the minds of people.
However, the challenge was that normally preparing one issue of awake or watchtower
can take more than 18 months.
So we had to find a way to prepare articles for the home page in a much shorter time.
Gladly, with Jehovah's help and with the help of the brothers and sisters in various departments,
the total time for preparing and publishing one new article for the home page
has been reduced to five weeks.
We are grateful that a good number of home page articles already have been published
on topics related to the pandemic.
Which of these six articles do you think received the most visitors on our home page?
The number one article was, what does the Bible say about pandemics?
Now, what does that show?
People want to know how current events are related to the Bible
and our website explains in clear language how world conditions are fulfilling Bible prophecy.
That makes the information on our website different from what people may find elsewhere.
Brothers and sisters around the world also find the articles helpful.
To give one example, a couple with teenage children wrote,
just when the experience feel at a loss about how to deal with the pandemic, isolation,
stress and social unrest, an article appears that gives clear scriptural guidance
on how to handle what we are dealing with.
We appreciate so much how quickly the faithful slave provides us with exactly what we need.
Now many have expressed how the home page articles help them in their ministry.
Here are some of their comments.
From Spain, they are eye-catching.
The language is simple, but powerful.
Bain in.
Publisters are impressed how in tune the articles are with current events.
Netherlands, they are helping publishers to stay enthousiastic in the ministry during the pandemic.
Scandinavia, publishers check the home page before starting phone witnessing.
Britain is exactly the right thing for our current form of ministry.
These recent developments with the home page are a faith strengthening example of how the faithful
and discreet slave is providing awesome spiritual food at the proper time.
In closing, we'd like to commend all of you once again for your resourcefulness and zeal during this pandemic.
Keep up the good work, brothers and sisters, and may your whole of them bless you richly.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J.W. Broadcasting.